I don't want to talk to you
It doesn't matter anymore
Mo Zhizhi
Did you ever like me?
Why now?
You still do this
Because I don't know in your heart
You cut
Cut lamb lip
And Me
Who is more important?
It was like wishful thinking from the beginning
Forcing you to be with me
Forcing you to marry me
I have lost a lot since I was a child
So I want to put
The person you like is held tightly in your hand
I liked you from the beginning
But you and your brother were childhood sweethearts
Two little guesses
Professor is your type again
It's like I've always been stalking you
You never said thank you
I liked it.
What about now?
If you like it, you can't become it.
Besides, I just liked it
What are you still doing with me?
We have nothing left to talk about
Don't come to me again
Don't you want to know about your sister?
I don't bother you about my sister
My brother will take care of her
Do you really know that as a brother?
Don't you see?
Your sister is weird sometimes
It seems you still don't know
I'll ask about my sister myself
You didn't realize that your sister wasn't yours at all
What do you mean?
There's an evil spirit in your sister's body
That's a cat!
Miss Su, have you read too many fantasy novels?
Do you believe it or not?
Didn't you notice that one of your sister's cats was lost?
Didn't you notice that your sister watches stocks?
Look at the economic trend chart
Has reached a place of prophecy
It's actually the cat
That's a lucky cat.
Whenever your sister sneezes
He will enter your sister's body
Maybe one day in the future
This cat has completely taken over your sister's body
Then the epitaph will really be dead